# IN-3587 - 18 Salisbury ES Futures treatment incorrect


**Type:** Bug  
**Est:** 2h | **Confidence:** 75%  
Completed: [y]

## Problem & Goal
The simplest solution is to not use the "AtomicLegacy" ticker value OR to use the "Other Identifier" for futures, which would guarantee that we reflect what the client gives us.

Quick fallback on symbology mapping for futures - use bloomberg ticker as otherIdentifier

## Deliverables
*What gets produced? (Code changes, document, analysis, etc.)*

Reviewing Symbology Results, 18 salisbury futures display the correct asset name.

## Entry Points
*Where to start? Key files/docs/concepts to understand first*

Review 18 salisbury adapter, and other adapters where futures are held

## Plan
*High-level approach - bullet points preferred*

Consult whether Other Identifier or AtomicLegacy approach is better.

---

## Execution Notes
*Fill as you work - blockers, discoveries, pivots*

Ended up setting _Bloomberg Ticker_ as the OtherIdentifier, as a _quick fallback_. Using the Bloomberg Ticker reduces 
the chance of trying to match on the holding asset instead of the underlyer.

### Themes

Learned the concept of futures, and how they are identified in a positions file. Client report is technically accurate,
but it's not easy to pick up on face value.

## Time Spent
**Actual:** 2h (Research: 1.5h | Implementation: .5h)

## Retrospective
**What went differently than planned?**

Initially planned to find a different column to use as the source for this fallback, but the Bloomberg Ticker turned out
to be correct.

**Key learnings or gotchas:**

As stated above, I was not familiar with how Futures worked, from a business perspective. This gave me an opportunity
to learn what goes on under the hood.